go in
The clerk leaves
Started
First clever to the preceding conflict smart sparkle will out toward the front three consecutive failures
Along Festa was Champ
It is a Western battle if it comes first to the 6th smart number 3 smart sparkle line up again
I took two and lined them up.
New horse country approaches to these two hurdle obstacles of No. 3
Further spread with turning point 4
It is 35 hurdle trouble that we did properly
First of all, the 8th god took 3 horses lead to the bridge in the country. 3
And curve the corner in the third smart sparkle is number two three fastest of the No. 6 Clever
It's western
We will go towards the hurdle obstacle in the middle of the 34th corner
The front is off and it is 4th and 2nd
Smart sparkle 45 wins was a by-chan
In the battle, God No. 8 spreads on Country Lead 4 and curves 4 corners
If 3rd Smart Sparkle is 2nd, 3rd , 6th, then Western, 4th, 2nd
Turning point of
After is a 7th order band followed by stand before two hurdles Failure
waiting
Combat God is taking to bridge the color to No. 5 of hurdles failure was country now Champ the hill
Climb
I made a hard gap with a slight gap between the 3rd and the 65th.
God is packed with 2 horses in country, and 2nd is in line with
3rd smart sparkle and 6th Western
There you 3rd hand
The fourth resistance is the third turning point fifth gold medal Takihime
No. 7 on the word Almond third place from the outside has become the group
Behind that, we will curve 10th Fredburys 1 corner
The God who has spread the lead of the second corner and took the country 4 Umami Umami 5 and the lead
It is a curve
Hardened after 2nd
I went smart sparkle gold medal Tsubaki
Moving without you halo g van Fred go approaching from the outside will come out in toward the front to the two horses
After that, with Western and Onward Amando 2 T-ring points
Then I went out in front of me
Then there is an open piena celebrity moer magic man and eye farmer martys
Social Musashi # 12
Four hurdle provinces in front of Shige, which is the highest peak , will continue to surpass four in a row
I 'm happy to the highest peak , the second failure mind country
I will fight and jump
I took a bead from 2 to 3 and got 35 hurdles.
God is a country but fighting Resdino is from 2 to 3 Horses Fred Barrows is now 2nd
It is Fred pasting 3rd corner in 2nd place in the roux pasting
Behind six off the third hand fourth fastest 800 Otoshime a clever Western Gold Umami if c
Open and turning
It is the first transfer along with point- on-word aband
Before the hurdle obstacle outside body in the middle of the corner was 34
I 'm taking the lead to the bridge kreva I've come up with the second western
Fred Baroosomch comes in 3rd place Gold medal Takihime who will catch up after that
Open onward Amand Turning Point and then last
Battle scene Country What hurdles will continue toward the straight lines and that there are still two
I 'm heading towards a hurdle obstacle for the bridge to lead
# Royalty catching up Otoshime a third if me Western third hand gold medal that was is whether the end of 65
Hurdle Failure heart Country said chan pool of
I cut 200. I'm in the second position for kreva Western .
The back of the leg is damn
乙 乙 乙 オ ン オ ン 追 い オ ン 手 に か か 神 神 神 God before
Country line and Lee low 2 Umami keep
clever Western 2nd God escapes from the country and makes a goal
The third arrived at Western 7 and the 7th onward & came up with the sixth